This is the 1.5.0 release of Ice for C#.

The following features of Ice for C++ are currently not supported:

- Protocol encryption

- Any of the Ice services (Freeze, Glacier, etc.)


Supported environments
----------------------

For the moment, Windows only.

The code has been built and tested with Visual C# Version 7.1.3088
and .NET Framework 1.1 Version 1.1.4322.

We are working on a version for Mono. The current code compiles
with Mono Release. However, the Mono-compiled code runs only under
Windows using the .NET run time. Using the Mono run time to execute
the code results in various errors. In addition, we are seeing
illegal IL code being generated by mcs under Linux. We are
actively working with the Mono developers to resolve these problems.


Build instructions
------------------

Unpack the archive. The sources will be contained in the 'icecs'
subdirectory.

You can either build the slice2cs compiler by
from the Ice for C++ source distribution, or you can download
the Ice binary package for Windows, which contains a compiled
versions of slice2cs. If you build slice2cs yourself, make sure
it is in your PATH or, alternatively, place slice2cs.exe into the
bin directory of the Ice for C# distribution.

Open icecs/All.sln in Visual C# and build the "All" solution
(both debug and release builds are supported).

Note: The first time you build, you will most likely find that you get
errors for the "adapterDeactivationCOL" and "adapterDeactivationS"
projects. The work-around is to rebuild (not build) each of these
projects once you have seen the errors. Thereafter, building the
projects seems to work fine. (If someone can work out why this is
happening, please let us know!)


Installation
------------

You can copy the generated icecs/lib/Ice.dll file where you want it
and then reference it in your appliation code.

Alternatively, you can add the generated Icecs.dll to the global
assembly cache. To do this, open Explorer and navigate to
C:\WINDOWS\assembly. Then drag and drop (or copy and paste) Icecs.dll
into the right-hand pane to install it in the cache. Once installed in
the cache, the assembly will always be located correctly without having
to set environment variables.


Running the tests
-----------------

To run the tests, you will need Python:

http://www.activestate.com/Products/ActivePython/

Run "python allTests.py" from the icecs directory to run all of the
tests, or "python allTests.py -l" to run the tests in an endless loop.

You can also run individual tests in the various test directories with
"python run.py".


Known issues
------------

Please let us know about any bugs, comments, or feedback in the Ice forum
at www.zeroc.com/vbulletin.
