This demo shows how to prevent unauthorized access to the IceGrid
registry and node, to the Glacier2 administrative router and the
Ice.Admin functionality of IceGrid-managed servers. These components
use IceSSL secure connections to communicate and restrict access to
their endpoints.

The client and server use a regular TCP endpoint to communicate, but
they could also use a secure endpoint if necessary.

To run the demo, you first need to generate certificates for the
IceGrid registry and node, the Glacier2 administrative router, and the
server. Run the makecerts.py script to create these certificates:

$ makecerts.py

Follow the instructions provided by the script. Note that to run the
script you must have java (Java5 or greater) in your path.

For simplicity, the certificates created by makecerts.py are not
protected with a password. In a real world deployment, to ensure that
only privileged users can create new certificates and start the
IceGrid components, you would typically use a password for the
certificate authority, the IceGrid registry and node certificates and
the Glacier2 certificate. 

You could also protect the server certificate with a password and
specify the password in the server configuration in clear text.
However, this would not improve security as you would still rely on
filesystem permissions to restrict access to the configuration file,
so you might as well use a certificate without a password and rely on
the filesystem permissions to restrict access to the certificate.

Once the certificates are generated, you can start the IceGrid
registries, node, and Glacier2 router:

$ icegridregistry --Ice.Config=config.master
$ icegridregistry --Ice.Config=config.slave
$ icegridnode --Ice.Config=config.node
$ glacier2router --Ice.Config=config.glacier2

In a separate window:

$ icegridadmin --Ice.Config=config.admin -e \
    "application add application.xml"
$ client

This will deploy the application described in the file
"application.xml" and start the client.

To use icegridadmin through the Glacier2 router, you can use the
following command:

$ icegridadmin --Ice.Config=config.admin \
  --Ice.Default.Router="DemoGlacier2/router:ssl -p 4064" 

Alternatively, you can edit the config.admin file and uncomment the
Ice.Default.Router property definition.

To use the IceGrid administrative GUI, use the following settings in
the GUI Login dialog:

- To connect directly to IceGrid, in the "Direct" tab:

  * Check the "Enable IceSSL" checkbox
  * Set the IceGrid instance name to "DemoIceGrid"
  * Set the IceGrid registry endpoints to "ssl -p 4062"
  * In the SSL configuration section, select the "Basic" tab
  * Set the Keystore file to the certs.jks file from the certs
    directory of this demo
  * Set the password to the Java keystore password to "password"

- To connect via Glacier2, in the "Routed" tab:

  * Check the "Enable IceSSL" checkbox
  * Set the Glacier2 instance name to "DemoGlacier2"
  * Set the Glacier2 router endpoints to "ssl -p 4064"
  * In the SSL configuration section, select the "Basic" tab
  * Set the Keystore file to the certs.jks file from the certs
    directory of this demo
  * Set the password to the Java keystore password to "password"

The IceGrid registry and Glacier2 router are configured to use the
"null permissions verifier" so you can use any username/password to
login with the admin tools. In a real world deployment, you would
instead typically use the file-based permissions verifier or a custom
permissions verifier implementation.


Vista Note
----------

On Vista-derived operating systems, the IceGrid node may emit the
following warning:

  warning: Unable to lookup the performance counter name:
  Unable to connect to the specified computer or the computer is
  offline. This usually occurs when you do not have sufficient
  privileges.

This issue can be resolved by granting appropriate permissions to the
node's user account. Please refer to the Troubleshooting section of
the "Windows Services" appendix in the Ice manual for more
information.
