To run the demo, start the IceStorm service:

$ icebox --Ice.Config=config.icebox

This configuration assumes there is a subdirectory named db in the
current working directory.

In a separate window:

$ python Subscriber.py

In another window:

$ python Publisher.py

While the publisher continues to run, "tick" messages should be
displayed in the subscriber window.

Both the subscriber and publisher take an optional topic name as a
final argument. The default value for this topic is "time".

Through the use of command-line options both the subscriber and
publisher can use different QoS for sending and receiving messages.

For the subscriber:

python Subscriber.py --oneway

  The subscriber receives events as oneway messages. This is the
  default.

python Subscriber.py --datagram

  The subscriber receives events as datagrams.

python Subscriber.py --twoway

  The subscriber receives events as twoway messages.

python Subscriber.py --ordered

  The subscriber receives events as twoway messages with guaranteed
  ordering.

python Subscriber.py --batch

  This is an additional flag that forwards datagram and oneway events
  to the subscriber in batches.

python Subscriber.py --id <id>

  This option specifies a unique identity for this subscriber. When
  you use this option, you should also run the subscriber on a fixed
  port by setting the Clock.Subscriber.Endpoints property. For
  example:

  $ subscriber --Clock.Subscriber.Endpoints="tcp -p <port> -h <host>"

  Replace "tcp" with "udp" when using the --datagram option.

python Subscriber.py --retryCount <count>

  This option sets the retry count for a subscriber. This option
  should be used in conjunction with the --id option. Setting
  retryCount changes the default subscriber QoS to twoway.

For the publisher:

python Publisher.py --oneway

  The publisher sends events as oneway messages. This is the default.

python Publisher.py --datagram

  The publisher sends events as datagrams.

python Publisher.py --twoway

  The publisher sends events as twoway messages.
